undefined values are a special case when it comes to sorting; They are always placed at the end of the array no matter what the other values are; js101
default behavior of Array.prototype.sort(); it converts all the numbers to strings and compares them by their Unicode character codes; js101
Is Array.prototype.sort() destructive or non-destructive?; This is a destructive method for sorting; js101
how do the operators like <, >, and === work with strings?; string order is determined by a character's code point in the UTF-16 encoding; js101
How to write a oneline sort for a coming before b; use arr.sort((a, b) => a - b); js101
ways to make a shallow copy of an array; 1) arr.slice() with no arguments, 2) [...arr]; js101
how to make a shallow copy of an obj; let copy = Object.assign({}, obj); js101
JSON.stringify(); method that converts a JavaScript object or value (only having primitives, arrays, and plain objects as elements) to a JSON string, optionally replacing values if a replacer function is specified or optionally including only the specified properties if a replacer array is specified.; js101
indirect way to make a deep copy of an obj or arr; JSON.parse(JSON.stringify(obj)); js101
limitation of indirect way to make a deep copy; only works with nested arrays and plain objects; js101
Object.isFrozen(); method that determines if an object is frozen.; js101
term first-class value or first-class object; 1. They can be assigned to a variable or an element of a data structure (such as an array or object). 2. They can be passed as an argument to a function. 3. They can be returned as the return value of a function.; js101
What makes the declarative style of programming possible; this is made possible because we can treat functions as values; js101
Higher Order Functions; Functions that take other functions as arguments, as well as functions that return other functions; js101
five things to identify when interpreting code; 1. type of action, 2. which value (& type of value) the action is performed on, 3. what side-effect results, 4. what value is returned, 5. whether the return value is used by what initiated the action; js101
universally unique identifier (UUID); a 128-bit label used for information in computer systems, When generated according to the standard methods, UUIDs are, for practical purposes, unique.; js101